Bruteforce sparse matrix power method as alternative (#7055)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> * Replace `matrix_power` dispatch for `scipy` interface with a inplace implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace `matrix_power` dispatch for `scipy` interface with an in-place implementation.
```

Author: Good catch!
